market/tests/ApiTest.java
 market.tests.ApiTest
market/api/model/Address.java
 market.api.model.Address
market/api/model/Map.java
 market.api.model.Map
market/api/model/Merchant.java
 market.api.model.Merchant
market/config/ConfigHelper.java
 market.config.ConfigHelper
market/tests/TestBase.java
 market.tests.TestBase
market/api/model/MultipartItem.java
 market.api.model.MultipartItem
market/api/model/Attribute.java
 market.api.model.Attribute
market/api/model/ValuesOnDiffLocale.java
 market.api.model.ValuesOnDiffLocale
market/api/model/CityDto.java
 market.api.model.CityDto
market/config/TestDataConfig.java
 market.config.TestDataConfig
market/api/model/ItemSubscription.java
 market.api.model.ItemSubscription
market/config/ApiConfig.java
 market.config.ApiConfig
market/api/model/DraftItem.java
 market.api.model.DraftItem
market/api/restassured/steps/RestAssuredSteps.java
 market.api.restassured.steps.RestAssuredSteps
market/api/model/SignInUser.java
 market.api.model.SignInUser
market/api/model/Token.java
 market.api.model.Token
market/api/model/Brand.java
 market.api.model.Brand
market/api/model/Schedule.java
 market.api.model.Schedule
market/api/model/SignInMerchantModerator.java
 market.api.model.SignInMerchantModerator
market/api/model/Stock.java
 market.api.model.Stock
market/api/restassured/spec/CustomSpec.java
 market.api.restassured.spec.CustomSpec
market/api/model/AttributeValues.java
 market.api.model.AttributeValues
